<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [jq](#jq)
-   [jq](#jq-1)
-   [delay](#delay)
-   [reqDelay](#reqdelay)
-   [baseUrl](#baseurl)
-   [requests](#requests)
-   [push](#push)
-   [push](#push-1)
-   [loopArray](#looparray)
-   [loopArray](#looparray-1)
-   [sendReq](#sendreq)
-   [log](#log)
-   [log](#log-1)

## jq

Pornhub - Bulk Accept Friend Requests

**Meta**

-   **copyright**: \[object Object]
-   **author**: Aiden Valentine &lt;aiden@xxxmultimedia.com>
-   **license**: Apache-2.0

## jq

Load jQuery Library from CDN, and inject into page's head

## delay

Configuration - You can change these settings if needed.

Type: [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)

## reqDelay

Variables for this script. DO NOT CHANGE (Unless you know what you're doing)

## baseUrl

## requests

Requests Array Index

## push

aReq Index

## push

End Variables

## loopArray

Send one request at a time through the AJAX endpoint, then wait for a callback before continuing

**Parameters**

-   `r`  

## loopArray

Begin looping through friend requests and send then to [sendReq](#sendreq)

## sendReq

Send Request - Send a single "Accept" friend request to the server at a time. Wait for delay to timeout, then callback to the loopArray to upon success to process the next request.

**Parameters**

-   `f` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** ID of the friend request.
-   `d` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** Action to preform (1 = Accept Friend Request, -1 = Block User).
-   `b` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** URI of the AJAX endpoint to send POST data.
-   `e` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Username of the user which sent the friend request.
-   `a` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** URI of the requesting user.
-   `callback`  

## log

Wait until we hear back from Server 'OK', wait until reqDelay expires (So we don't bombard their servers with AJAX reqs), then process next friend request

## log

## 

## 
